I think Mehta is something that you are
forging through time and I wouldn't say
that we know it very well but it's just
we have the good pics what's the fourth
day of MSI here in Berlin Anna I'm
joined right now by BDD as well as Hajin
who's going to help translate with
covers presented of course by me and by
you and we're here to talk about how
things are going with King's Own BDD how
think how are things going with King's
Own Leija know nothing Oh chicken
paper bunny so to - imagine go talking
cocky I think we are performance right
now it's not like usual so we didn't
have really good results so we are
getting a bit shy a little bit shy hat
do you how are you guys trying to break
out of that
how are you trying to get your
confidence back done touchy and spans
all
rotary table using your equipment Oh
touchy touchy Dicky Merton engage in
your haircut I think the most important
thing we'll be practicing together like
to refine the shape and to find the
feeling again in our confidence BDD
before this tournament I feel like so
many people were talking about the ad
carry's they're like it's doublelift
it's reckless its prey it's what now I
feel like a lot of people are talking
about the mid laners why do you think it
is that so much of the conversation has
shifted to mid laners yes yeah le petit
coffre Atsuko can it come grata foon
Iike you send some zombie delano a
Cabana donde broken nail mm beaten so to
arrange a boutique oh you Jim que me
take a pizza hungry to know and go
that's all she can jump rope Kabbani
be kidding what
I think it's so because there were some
fancy pigs in mid lane and right now
meat jungle is really important so
that's why I think it has changed
do you feel like King's Own had a good
grasp of the meta at the start of this
tournament because some people were
speculating that it felt like Kings owns
grasp was a little off King hotel
yeah look at the smile mmm the tannins
which key to bond a funny thing on an
accordion God I think meta is something
that you are forging through time and I
wouldn't say that we know it very well
but it's just we have the good pics
colliding the okay I was just checking
what who do you think is your strongest
rival as a team at this event
Kanaka liable mm-hmm in Toronto and a
critic w na rng handling cocky all the
teams are being great but I think maybe
flush holes were having really good what
are the chances in your mind the King's
Own wins the whole thing the whole Cisco
the tank Toyama touch good old us all to
almost close it in game was on you got I
think I'll have to wait for tomorrow's
games and the most important thing is to
find back our usual performance anything
that you would like to say to any of the
fans out there Beauty time tourism
congee dr. Tara Bonnie to China and a
very thorough
Banyon Sparkle Sega and Yamaha she could
kimeta hazu touch each one controls me
that exam need are so so far we're not
doing very great but we will practice
hard to find our performance our
confidence and accuracy video again to
show you some good performance thank you
thank you so much for the interview
thank you Hutchins for translating for
anyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel in
these troubled days we have to figure
out what we really stand for and who we
want to support and I think there's a
chance that maybe you might be a nurse
in supporting me and if that's something
you're interested in you can do so at
Travis Khafre comm such support and
patreon.com slash Travis Caffrey